README.md, before:

## Project Setup

### Dependencies

The project uses the following dependencies:

- [React](https://reactjs.org/): `^18.2.0`
- [React-Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/): `^2.8.0`
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/): `^5.3.0`
- [SASS](https://sass-lang.com/): `^1.63.6`
- [Unsplash-JS](https://github.com/unsplash/unsplash-js): `^7.0.18`
- [Font Awesome - Core](https://fontawesome.com/how-to-use/on-the-web/using-with/react): `^6.4.0`
- [Font Awesome - Free Brands Icons](https://fontawesome.com/how-to-use/on-the-web/using-with/react): `^6.4.0`
- [Font Awesome - Free Solid Icons](https://fontawesome.com/how-to-use/on-the-web/using-with/react): `^6.4.0`
- [React Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/how-to-use/on-the-web/using-with/react): `^0.2.0`


### Data

Mock data is sourced from [Mockaroo](https://www.mockaroo.com/) and is also hosted statically [here](https://titzko.github.io/public_api/data/product_data.json).

Images are sourced using the [Unsplash-JS](https://github.com/unsplash/unsplash-js) library.

### Running the project

To start the React app, use the command:
If you want to use the unsplash api yourself, you need to create the .env file and add your credentials

Commit message:

some small fixes and adjustments

README.md, after:

## Project Setup

### Dependencies

The project uses the following dependencies:

- [React](https://reactjs.org/): `^18.2.0`
- [React-Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/): `^2.8.0`
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/): `^5.3.0`
- [SASS](https://sass-lang.com/): `^1.63.6`
- [Unsplash-JS](https://github.com/unsplash/unsplash-js): `^7.0.18`
- [Font Awesome - Core](https://fontawesome.com/how-to-use/on-the-web/using-with/react): `^6.4.0`
- [Font Awesome - Free Brands Icons](https://fontawesome.com/how-to-use/on-the-web/using-with/react): `^6.4.0`
- [Font Awesome - Free Solid Icons](https://fontawesome.com/how-to-use/on-the-web/using-with/react): `^6.4.0`
- [React Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/how-to-use/on-the-web/using-with/react): `^0.2.0`


### Data

Mock data is sourced from [Mockaroo](https://www.mockaroo.com/) and is also hosted statically [here](https://titzko.github.io/public_api/data/product_data.json).

Images are sourced using the [Unsplash-JS](https://github.com/unsplash/unsplash-js) library.

### Running the project

To start the React app, use the command: 
> npm run start

If you want to use the unsplash api yourself, you need to create the .env file and add your credentials

Note that this project is not done. Also there are some things in the project which are no longer needed like json-server
